Update 2201.5.0 release note with OpenAPI changes (#6590)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### Language Server

#### OpenAPI Tool

> - Updated the tool to handle multiple media types with same return code in the Ballerina service to OpenAPI contract generation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the tool to handle multiple media types with the same return code in the Ballerina service to OpenAPI contract generation. 
```

Author: Updated. Thank you

> - Added the support to handle the `ballerina/http` module's newly introduced `@http:Query` annotation in Ballerina service to OpenAPI contract generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the support to handle the newly introduced `@http:Query` annotation of the `ballerina/http` module in the Ballerina service to OpenAPI contract generation.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you
